# division-by-zero-fantheory
\section{Preface}

To begin, I shall share that this is not a formal academic paper. If I were to ascribe a kind of name or purpose to this paper, I would describe this paper as being a mathematical “fan fiction”. As unflattering as that label may be, that is the truth of the matter. I, the author, am no real accredited mathematician or academic. I am only an amateur, and my work is simply just that: an interest in a topic put into writing. My work is written to be only conceptual and speculative, without possessing the expected mathematical expertise and rigor that would be seen in an actual, proper academic work. I say this not to discredit myself, but rather to ground myself, as I am aware of my shortcomings. Consider this revelation as being a warning of what is to come, as to my potential readers, it is best to take everything written within this paper with a grain of salt. Expect errors and naive misunderstandings of certain mathematical concepts to be present in this work. However, despite this reality, I have still decided to have my work reach completion. Although it might have all been a vanity project, I still believe that my work may have the potential to usher in some new ideas which may advance the discipline of mathematics as a whole. Although I may be getting ahead of myself, it is a dream of mine to have my work get elevated to levels I could never possibly achieve myself by real mathematicians who are far more knowledgeable and talented than myself.

To these extents, I ask you, the reader, to read this work and to pace yourself. It is very long, so it is best read a chapter at a time rather than all at once. 
\subsection{Secondary Disclaimer}

In this paper, the way in which we present our ideas regarding "new" nonstandard analysis and division by zero is through the invention of a number system which is inspired by Abraham Robinson's hyper-real numbers. Although discussion of the hyper-reals and my invented number system shall not be done in this section, what should be importantly noted, is that this paper does not cover nor really discusses \textbf{model theory} - the branch of mathematics that is, in a sense, \textit{required} for building a number system [1]. As a result, many of the standard tools and definitions associated with the construction of the hyper-reals in nonstandard analysis — such as ultrapowers, filters, ultrafilters, the compactness theorem, the transfer principle, and other model-theoretic ideas are \textbf{not} explicitly used in constructing this number system and do not appear in this work. This omission is not meant to challenge the validity of these tools, as the reality is the contrary - this theory isn't \textit{beyond} these tools, but rather, is \textit{behind} these tools, as these model-theoretic concepts remain outside of my current level of expertise. This is an amateur creation, after all, not an academic one, so this invented number system is not constructed in a rigorous axiomatic manner: instead, naive assertions are made, and we decree that for the most part, it functions similarly to the hyper-reals, albeit with certain modifications which allow for new ideas to emerge.\\Despite these limitations, I believe the ideas presented here may still hold value, and I ask the reader to approach this work with appropriate skepticism. If, by chance you are a model theorist who finds these ideas worth exploring, I invite you to contact me (via email) to discuss how they might be formalized. Other than that, I hope you enjoy reading.
\newpage
